friends all welcome i'm in
discus store the one we have in
Chernogorsk
and today we will review the novelty
new from ffi paradise is a new
sphere lamp in 158
but in this case we just have a version
without letter prefix manufacturer
states on the lantern 860 lumens on
supplied batteries it will
work with us for 25 hours
luminance brightness general all information on
a box of boxes I found guarantees
not some kind of certificate that the lantern
was tested on this date
respectively warranty terms
User's Manual
there with all specifications, etc. and
etc.
I will not watch the charger
means two batteries
but further under this near the shooting gallery I find
the unit itself which we have is 42 volts and
a drain of 1 and 2 amps is enough
powerful charger
and now the lantern itself
but take that little lantern off
increased means the diameter of the reflector
the diode is actually the same as in
previous versions xml 2 version is without
in letter prefix
that is, it is simple and it means that
lantern has
cold shade of light in mode and
turn on 360 magnetic ring
degrees that one that the other way
has about three modes well and plus
stupid mode there sos or
strobe light
this time the lantern was equipped with such
here's a removable clip and also can not
say what it is well, where it is possible
it will be convenient to hook on the belt and there on
shirt pocket there was something or something
something like this can be for some string
backpack because this lantern think
it will be possible to cover it not only under
water inside we also see reliable
battery hold design
compartment
This is an exceptional U-shaped thread.
which is well anodized made also
two oring that protects against leakage
I will remind that in the set of spare origings
no, here we see thick walls
means the flashlight itself and we have stored
batteries and further in depth
to the most for 4 lecturers we see that
battery can be set as with
flattened plus contact and
just with contact with a point there means
There is no mechanical protection against
polarity reversal
the lantern is made with high quality and soundly
the best traditions of the series but still gray
we are fighting for quality
fights for a good market so durable
the anode as well as in all previous versions
but as for this
screw cap which holds
we have batteries well batteries
then there are no complaints either
the only thing that seemed to me not
handy this lanyard see what it means in
cover
these holes are well angry and
rare
which will exclude quick rubbing about
the sharp edges of the hole here this lanyard
if compared with previous versions
lanterns then it is in my opinion what that
less convenient in the sense that he
then pulled ie it can be
somehow pull up and fix ie
You see such a specific button
mean in this version
you're no reason there just some
plastic so to plastic slider
Battery included go to 2600
Milliamper battery new enough
But if you compare means with the first 150
version then see how in diameter
the reflector actually increased
only think difference is possible
what are the differences in the drivers then
Eating means glow
lantern because here stated
On lumen us more than in previous in
holes and this means that with such
butt with the same power with such
same diode
but the brightness is temporary
accordingly, there were some improvements
apparently in the driver but we will not know
because we stand still from nowhere
we can give the lanterns exactly the same
here is the central spot exactly
same diameter if shine on
the same distance both lanterns but
It means it is a soft side flare.
larger diameter this lantern illuminates
selection of large spaces in diameter and
so you won't need extra
turn your head around
maybe so extensive
means wide cheese wide flare
will give and some kind of negative
the effects of muddy water but it will need
find out in a practical way the lantern in
the price does not vary much with the first 150
model so if you allow
means I recommend this lantern
shopping well, that's all up to new
reviews
Thank you all for your attention so far.